fix(docs): minor change in Agents 101 guide (#1070)
fetchai/docs: pages/guides/agent-courses/introductory-course.mdx

### Registering your Agents to the Open Marketplace

> Agent registration in the [Almanac ↗️](/references/contracts/uagents-almanac/almanac-overview) contract is a key feature enabling Agents discoverability as well as remote Agents communication. When Agents register the Almanac, they become part of the Open Marketplace and become available for interactions with other users and Agents registered in the contract. To register, Agents must pay a small fee. Therefore, your Agents need to have funds available in their Fetch wallet address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agent registration in the [Almanac ↗️](/references/contracts/uagents-almanac/almanac-overview) contract enables Agents discoverability and remote Agent communication. When Agents register to the Almanac, they become part of the Open Marketplace and become available for interactions with other users and Agents registered in the contract. To register, Agents must pay a small fee (not currently implemented) that covers the cost of Almanac use. 
```

</CodeGroup>

> Similarly, we need to define a script for `bob` so to create a remote communication with `alice` Agent. Let's create a Python script for it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, we need to define a script for `bob` so to create a remote communication with `alice` Agent. Let's create a Python script for `bob`:
```

?
